{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red135\green135\blue135;
\red52\green52\blue52;\red240\green240\blue240;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat10\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat17\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1.	}What is your company / idea / technology name? \uc0\u8232 \
{\listtext	6.	}Which category do you wish to apply for (Innovate - \'a31,000, Prove - \'a330,000 or Grow - pitch for seed funding)? \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \'a0\'a0Innovate \'a0\'a0Prove \'a0\'a0Grow\uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	7.	}Please describe your idea in 140 characters (elevator pitch). A useful format for this is: X solves Y for Z. Where X is your product, Y is the problem and Z is the group of people. \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 140\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	8.	}Please describe the project in more detail focusing on the problem it solves, progress so far and evidence of market interest. \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 2000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	9.	}How did you find out about the Challenge? Reaching people is hard, it really helps to know what works!\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs22 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 
\b\fs26 \cf5 \cb6 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 Select One\cf2 \cb3 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa40

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
That's it for the 28th January click SAVE at the bottom of this form not 'submit final'. Finalise your application below before the 25th February (you can update at any time up to then).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10.	}Please detail and quantify specific progress that you have made so far (e.g. development milestones, feature additions, customer sign-ups, etc.). It would be great to see links to demo versions or videos. Please also list the milestones for the next 6 months.\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 2000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	11.	}Upload anything that supports your application here.\uc0\u8232 
\b0 \uc0\u8232 
\b \shad\shadx0\shady-20\shadr20\shado255 \shadc0 Choose a File
\b0 \shad0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	12.	}Who will pay for your idea / technology / invention (if known at this stage).\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	13.	}How will your idea / research make money? What's your business model? The easiest way of explaining this is often with the business model canvas.\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 10000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	14.	}What would you use the funding for?\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	15.	}What does the competition look like? How do you plan on competing with them?\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	16.	}What are the most likely things that will prevent this idea from working and how will you minimise those risks?\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa40

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The final few details\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs26 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	17.	}Have you incorporated the company, taken on investment or registered patents?\uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	18.	}Are you and the rest of the team interested in and able to pursue the idea after the Challenge ends? If you have conflicting appointments please provide details. \uc0\u8232 
\b0\fs24 \cf4 1000\uc0\u8232 
\fs26 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 
\b \
{\listtext	19.	}Does any actual or potential legal restriction or limitation apply to any team member or piece of work which we should know about (e.g., non-disclosure, non-compete)? \uc0\u8232 \
}